Updated the code that allows to save the cropped image in result_img directory (#7282)
AlexeyAB/darknet: README.md

* To calculate anchors: `darknet.exe detector calc_anchors data/obj.data -num_of_clusters 9 -width 416 -height 416`
* To check accuracy mAP@IoU=50: `darknet.exe detector map data/obj.data yolo-obj.cfg backup\yolo-obj_7000.weights`
* To check accuracy mAP@IoU=75: `darknet.exe detector map data/obj.data yolo-obj.cfg backup\yolo-obj_7000.weights -iou_thresh 0.75`

> * To save the cropped image of the object detected: [`uncomment the following lines of code`](https://github.com/shubham-shahh/darknet/blob/95ec9bd9249a7c79bf2fea06dee964365f2fb61b/src/image_opencv.cpp#L980-L996)

Reviewer: this line in readme is pointing to your repo code. This has to point to alexeyab repo, even if the link is not going to work until merged with master

Author: I'll update that right away. thanks

Author: > this line in readme is pointing to your repo code. This has to point to alexeyab repo, even if the link is not going to work until merged with master

Updated the link as mentioned.

Reviewer: yes but pointing to a specific commit sha might not be the best option. Better pointing to the master trunk.

Author: Yes, makes sense. I committed the changes you mentioned. thanks once again

* To calculate anchors: `darknet.exe detector calc_anchors data/obj.data -num_of_clusters 9 -width 416 -height 416`
* To check accuracy mAP@IoU=50: `darknet.exe detector map data/obj.data yolo-obj.cfg backup\yolo-obj_7000.weights`
* To check accuracy mAP@IoU=75: `darknet.exe detector map data/obj.data yolo-obj.cfg backup\yolo-obj_7000.weights -iou_thresh 0.75`
* To save the cropped image of the object detected: [`uncomment the following lines of code`](https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet/blob/master/src/image_opencv.cpp#L980-L996)

> * To run inference on all the images in a folder: `./darknet detector test ./cfg/coco.data ./cfg/yolov4.cfg ./yolov4.weights -i 0 -thresh 0.25 --folder_inference ./result_img/` here `./result_img/` is the path of the folder in which the inference has to be done. the folder name can be anything, as long as it exists. After the inference the images will be moved to `./processed_files/`. To change the folder name or path, the changes cane be done [`here`](https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet/blob/master/src/detector.c#L1894).

Author: Sir, I've updated the link but it is broken until the PR is merged @cenit

> * To run inference on all the images in a folder: `./darknet detector test ./cfg/coco.data ./cfg/yolov4.cfg ./yolov4.weights -i 0 -thresh 0.25 --folder_inference ./result_img/` here `./result_img/` is the path of the folder in which the inference has to be done. the folder name can be anything, as long as it exists. After the inference the images will be moved to `./processed_files/`. To change the folder name or path, the changes cane be done [`here`](https://github.com/shubham-shahh/darknet/blob/ebc7b6f3d575402fbcd67cf214243d437f580fe1/src/detector.c#L1895).

Author: updated the readme.md

Reviewer: Ad always, please use links to alexeyab's repo, without any commit id reference but pointing to the latest master trunk

Author: okay, sir, I'll do that

Author: Sir, I've updated the link but it is broken until the PR is merged @cenit

Reviewer: Yes of course link is broken until merged, but this is a requirement for being considered for merging!

* To calculate anchors: `darknet.exe detector calc_anchors data/obj.data -num_of_clusters 9 -width 416 -height 416`
* To check accuracy mAP@IoU=50: `darknet.exe detector map data/obj.data yolo-obj.cfg backup\yolo-obj_7000.weights`
* To check accuracy mAP@IoU=75: `darknet.exe detector map data/obj.data yolo-obj.cfg backup\yolo-obj_7000.weights -iou_thresh 0.75`

> * To save the cropped image of the object detected: [`uncomment the following lines of code`](https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet/blob/64efa721ede91cd8ccc18257f98eeba43b73a6af/src/image_opencv.cpp#L980-L994)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To save the cropped image of the object detected: [`uncomment the following lines of code`](https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet/blob/master/src/image_opencv.cpp#L980-L996)
```
